modification to vrm extension for blender 4.0+ that enables instant conversion of extracted game meshes from unity and unreal to VRM enabling clean, convenient packaging, easier animation retargeting, painless import to unity or unreal, packaging of textures, and access to advanced features like spring bones and expressions which can be generated from existing shapekeys. These are by no means flawless but they've worked for nearly every gacha game and should work for every unreal engine game using the standard rig. animations for the same game rig should work perfectly and convert to VRMA for use with oneself. If this fails its probably due to presence of IK bones. For example, mmd animations always have screwed up legs and need to be baked to fk using blender or an external program first. Importing a VRMA from a different rig type will work somewhat but is rarely perfect. You may need to use individual bone constraints copying transforms from the original and make some adjustments. 

If you just want to transfer the bind pose you can do that by making a 1 frame pose action and baking the keyframes and export as vrma, then import onto the new mesh. It will work for same proportioned meshes quite well. Otherwise not so much. It saves some time for sure but things like hands will still need manual posing. If you want to change the rest pose there are three options that seem to work. They do not work as expected but to do so you can apply pose as rest pose, then reimport your mesh entirely and bind the new mesh to the old armature. If you're lucky it should just work. This is important especially if you're going to use the animation retargeting plugin as this will straight up not work if rest poses arent aligned

alternatively you can forego animation in blender and just export as vrm right away and do your retargeting in engine with vrm4u. I haven't yet tested if a mesh packaged and imported this way and then cooked as a regular unreal asset can work in a game without vrm4u without needing additional work but this is worth investigating

my scripts are located in "AppData\Roaming\Blender Foundation\Blender\4.x\scripts\addons\VRM_Addon_for_Blender-Extension\common\human_bone_mapper"
but if you've installed the extension you'll need to look in "Blender\4.x\extensions\blender_org". You have to replace the file with mine so I recommend moving it to addons to be sure you dont get accidentally upgraded and lose the changes
